1st
Alarm: Mark something, get alarmed if touched or entered.
Cure Wounds: Touch and heal 1d8 + spellcasting modifier.
Disguise Self: Mask yourself for 1 hour.
Expeditious Retreat: You can dash as a bonus action for 10 mins.
False Life: Get 1d4 + 4 temporary HP for 1 hour.
Jump: Tripled jump distance for 1 min.
Longstrider: Touch a creature and increase its speed by 10.
Sanctuary: Protect a creature with a ward, so that other creatures cannot harm it.
Shield of Faith: Increases a creature's AC by 2 for 10 mins.

2nd
Aid: Temporary 5 HP boost to 3 creatures.
Alter Self: Change appearance, grow natural weapons or be aquatic.
Arcane Lock: Magically locks stuff, 25GP.
Blur: Disadvantage for anyone to hit you for 1 min.
Continual Flame: Magical flame with no heat.
Darkvision: Touch a creature, cause darkvision for 8 hours.
Enhance Ability: Touch a creature and bestow it, it gains advantage on a chosen ability check.
Invisibility: Touch a creature, it becomes invisible for 1 hour.
Lesser Restoration: Touch a creature and remove a disease or condition.
Levitate: Making someone float.
Magic Weapon: Touch a weapon and it becomes magical, +1 to attack rolls and +1 to damage.
Protection of Poison: Touch a creature and neutralize poison in it.
Rope Trick: Open up a dimension for 1 hour to where people can escape.
See Invisibility: See invisibility and Ethernal Plane for 1 hour.
Spider Climb: Touch a creature, that will be able to walk walls and ceilings.

3rd
Blink: Be untargatable in other's turns, and teleport 10 feet every turn.
Fly: Touch a creature, and make it fly up to 10 mins.
Gaseous Form: Touch a creature and transform it to gas.
Glyph of Warding: Protect and object or a place with an effect of your choice, 200GP.
Haste: Double the speed, and increase the AC by 2.
Protection from Energy: Touch a creature and make it have resistance from an energy damage type.
Revivify: Revive a creature, 300 GP.
Water Breathing: Breath under water up to 10 creature for 24 hours.
Water Walk: Up to 10 creatures to walk on liquids for 1 hour.

4th
Arcane Eye
Death Ward
Fabricate
Freedom of Movement
Leomund's Secret Chest
Mordenkainen's Faithful Hound
Mordenkainen's Private Sanctum
Otiluke's Resilient Sphere
Stone Shape
Stoneskin

