1st
Bane: Weaken attacks against you.
Bless: Bless 3 creatures, give 1d4 on attacks or saves for 1 min.
Command: Try to command a creature.
Create or Destroy Water: 10 gallons of it.
Cure Wounds: Touch and heal 1d8 + spellcasting modifier.
Detect Evil and Good: Detect certain creatures or objects (good or evil) 30 ft around you.
Detect Magic: Sense magic 30 ft around you.
Detect Poison and Disease: Sense poison or disease 30 ft around you.
Guiding Bolt: Light strike to distance, deals 4d6 damage and gives advantage on your next attack.
Healing Word: Heal 1d4 + spellcasting modifier in distance.
Inflict Wounds: One time stike, deals 3d10 damage.
Protection from Evil and Good: Protect from certain type of creatures.
Purify Food and Drink: Remove poison and disease from food and drink.
Sanctuary: Protect a creature with a ward, so that other creatures cannot harm it.
Shield of Faith: Increases a creature's AC by 2 for 10 mins.

2nd
Aid: Temporary 5 HP boost to 3 creatures.
Augury: predict an outcome of an act 30mins into the future, 25GP.
Blindness/Deafness: Blind or make a creature deaf for 1 min from distance.
Calm Emotions: Chill a group of people.
Continual Flame: Magical flame with no heat.
Enhance Ability: Touch a creature and bestow it, it gains advantage on a chosen ability check.
Find Traps: Sense traps around you.
Gentle Repose: Touch and protect someone or something from decay for 10 days.
Lesser Restoration: Touch a creature and remove a disease or condition.
Locate Object: Find a familiar object.
Prayer of Healing: Heal the party 2d8 + spellcasting modifier from distance.
Protection of Poison: Touch a creature and neutralize poison in it.
Silence: Silence and deaf in an area for 10 mins (prevents verbal spellcasting).
Spiritual Weapon: Create a floating weapon in distance which strikes and deals 1d8 + spellcasting modifier damage.
Warding Bond: Touch a creature and while it is near you for an hour, it is resistant to damage, has +1 AC, and you suffer the same damage it does, 100GP.
Zone of Truth: A zone which guards against deception and lies.

3rd
Animate Dead: Commandable undead servant.
Beacon of Hope: Increase healing effects, get advantage on death saving throws and Wisdom saves.
Bestow Curse: Touch a creature and pick a curse (several types of disadvantages, or weakenings).
Clairvoyance: Invisible sensor that you can use to see or hear through, 100GP.
Create Food and Water: 45 pound food, 30 gallons of water.
Daylight: 60 foot radius light sphere.
Dispel Magic: Try to remove magic from a creature or object.
Feign Death: Touch a creature to make it appear to be dead for 1 hour.
Glyph of Warding: Protect and object or a place with an effect of your choice, 200GP.
Magic Circle: A circle which cannot be entered by one type of creatures, 100GP.
Mass Healing Word: Heal the whole party for 1d4 + spellcasting modifier.
Meld Into Stone: You step into a stone, become one with it for 8 hours.
Protection from Energy: Touch a creature and make it have resistance from an energy damage type.
Remove Curse: Touch a creature or object, to remove a curse.
Revivify: Revive a creature, 300 GP.
Sending: Send a message to a familiar creature, which will hear it in its mind.
Speak with Dead: Ask 5 questions to a dead body and receive some answers.
Spirit Guardians: Summon spirits around you, which slows creatures and deal 3d8 damage.
Tongues: Touch a creature and make it understand every language.
Water Walk: Up to 10 creatures to walk on liquids for 1 hour.

4th
Banishment
Control Weather
Death Ward
Divination
Freedom of Movement
Guardian of Faith
Locate Creature
Stone Shape

5th
Commune
Contagion
Dispel Evil and Good
Flame Strike
Geas
Greater Restoration
Hallow
Insect Plague
Legend Lore
Mass Cure Wounds
Planar Binding
Raise Dead
Scrying

6th
Blade Barrier
Create Undead
Find the Path
Forbiddance
Harm
Heal
Heroes' Feast
Planar Ally
True Seeing
Word of Recall

7th
Conjure Celestial
Divine Word
Etherealness
Fire Storm
Plane Shift
Regenerate
Resurrection
Symbol

8th
Antimagic Field
Control Weather
Earthquake
Holy Aura

9th
Astral Projection
Gate
Mass Heal
True Resurrection

