1st
Alarm: Mark something, get alarmed if touched or entered.
Animal Friendship: Convince a beast you mean no harm.
Cure Wounds: Touch and heal 1d8 + spellcasting modifier.
Detect Magic: Sense magic 30 ft around you.
Detect Poison and Disease: Sense poison or disease 30 ft around you.
Ensnaring Strike: Upon a hit, you ensnare a target with vines, 1d6 damage every turn for 1 min.
Fog Cloud: 20ft radius fog sphere.
Goodberry: Summon 10 berries, each of which heals 1 HP.
Hail of Thorns: Your next ranged attack will deal 1d10 area damage around it's target.
Hunter's Mark: Mark for 1 hour, deal additional 1d6 damage when you hit it, gain advantage to track it down.
Jump: Tripled jump distance for 1 min.
Longstrider: Touch a creature and increase its speed by 10.
Speak with Animals: Can talk to beasts for 10 mins.

2nd
Animal Messenger: Send a message by a tiny beast.
Barkskin: Increase AC to 16 for an hour.
Beast Sense: Touch a beast and sense through its senses for 1 hour.
Cordon of Arrows: Plant 4 arrows on the ground. Deal 1d6 to anyone comes close per arrow.
Darkvision: Touch a creature, cause darkvision for 8 hours.
Find Traps: Sense traps around you.
Lesser Restoration: Touch a creature and remove a disease or condition.
Locate Animals or Plants: Find a specific kind of beast or plant.
Locate Object: Find a familiar object.
Pass without Trace: Hide your party for an hour.
Protection of Poison: Touch a creature and neutralize poison in it.
Silence: Silence and deaf in an area for 10 mins (prevents verbal spellcasting).
Spike Growth: Make an area grow spikes, which slow and 2d4 damage creatures passing by.

3rd
Conjure Animals: Conjure a beast with max CR of 2.
Conjure Barrage: Replicate and shot ammunition magically, dealing 3d8 damage.
Daylight: 60 foot radius light sphere.
Lightning Arrow: The next ranged attack will deal 4d8 damage instead of normal damage.
Nondetection: Protects against divination magic, 25GP.
Plant Growth: Make plants grow.
Protection from Energy: Touch a creature and make it have resistance from an energy damage type.
Speak with Plants: Speak with plants around you for 10 mins, ask favors maybe.
Water Breathing: Breath under water up to 10 creature for 24 hours.
Water Walk: Up to 10 creatures to walk on liquids for 1 hour.
Wind Wall: Strong wall of wind for 1 min, dealing 3d8 damage.

4th
Conjure Woodland Beings
Freedom of Movement
Grasping Vine
Locate Creature
Stoneskin

5th
Commune with Nature
Conjure Volley
Swift Quiver
Tree Stride

