1st
Burning Hands: A cone of fire spreads from your hand, deals 3d6 damage.
Charm Person: Charm a humanoid for 1 min.
Chromatic Orb: Send an orb of special type to deal 3d8 damage, 50GP.
Color Spray: Blind creatures around you.
Comprehend Languages: Understand literal meaning of languages (heard or read).
Detect Magic: Sense magic 30 ft around you.
Disguise Self: Mask yourself for 1 hour.
Expeditious Retreat: You can dash as a bonus action for 10 mins.
False Life: Get 1d4 + 4 temporary HP for 1 hour.
Feather Fall: Slow the fall of the party for 1 min.
Fog Cloud: 20ft radius fog sphere.
Jump: Tripled jump distance for 1 min.
Mage Armor: Touch a creature and make it's AC 13 + Dex modifier, for 8 hours.
Magic Missle: 3 magical darts to 1 to 3 targets, each dealing 1d4 + 1 damage.
Ray of Sickness: Ranged spell attack to deal 2d8 poison damage and poison it.
Shield: Gain +5 AC for a turn.
Silent Image: Create a visual phenomenon for 10 mins.
Sleep: Make creatures sleep for 1 mins.
Thunderwave: Cause a thunder force around you dealing 2d8 damage and pushing creatures away.
Witch Bolt: A lightning connection between you and your target for 1 min, which takes 1d12/turn.

2nd
Alter Self: Change appearance, grow natural weapons or be aquatic.
Blindness/Deafness: Blind or make a creature deaf for 1 min from distance.
Blur: Disadvantage for anyone to hit you for 1 min.
Cloud of Daggers: Spinning daggers deals 4d4 damage.
Crown of Madness: Charm a person for 1 minute, making it attack someone you chose.
Darkness: 15ft radius magical darkness sphere.
Darkvision: Touch a creature, cause darkvision for 8 hours.
Detect Thoughts: Read minds of a creature you see, with time you can mine deeper and deeper.
Enhance Ability: Touch a creature and bestow it, it gains advantage on a chosen ability check.
Enlarge/Reduce: Make something's size doubled or halved.
Gust of Wind: Summon a strong wind for 1 min.
Hold Person: Paralyze a creature.
Invisibility: Touch a creature, it becomes invisible for 1 hour.
Knock: Open stuff up.
Levitate: Making someone float.
Mirror Image: Three duplicates of you appears for 1 min, confusing everyone.
Misty Step: Teleport up to 30 ft away.
Phantasmal Force: Plant an illusion into a mind for 1 min.
Scorching Ray: Create 3 fire rays and hurl them, each deals 2d6 damage.
See Invisibility: See invisibility and Ethernal Plane for 1 hour.
Shatter: A sound shockwave from a point deals 3d8 damage.
Spider Climb: Touch a creature, that will be able to walk walls and ceilings.
Suggestion: Try to influence a creature to act according to your will for 8 hours.
Web: Create a web for 1 hour, might restrain creatures.

3rd
Blink: Be untargatable in other's turns, and teleport 10 feet every turn.
Clairvoyance: Invisible sensor that you can use to see or hear through, 100GP.
Counterspell: Try to interrupt a spellcast.
Daylight: 60 foot radius light sphere.
Dispel Magic: Try to remove magic from a creature or object.
Fear: Frighten creatures in an area 30 ft around you.
Fireball: A ball of fire travels a huge distance and deals 8d6 damage and ignites stuff.
Fly: Touch a creature, and make it fly up to 10 mins.
Gaseous Form: Touch a creature and transform it to gas.
Haste: Double the speed, and increase the AC by 2.
Hypnotic Pattern: Charm an area, rendering creatures into hypnosis.
Lightning Bolt: A line of lightning, deals 8d6 damage and ignites.
Major Image: 20ft cube phenomenon for 10 mins, only physical interaction will reveal it.
Protection from Energy: Touch a creature and make it have resistance from an energy damage type.
Sleet Storm: Freezing rain and storm in an area for 1 min, difficult terrain which is obscured.
Slow: Slow an area (~6 people) for 1 min.
Stinking Cloud: Poison cloud for 1 min, that poisons creatures rendering them useless, obscuring the area.
Tongues: Touch a creature and make it understand every language.
Water Breathing: Breath under water up to 10 creature for 24 hours.
Water Walk: Up to 10 creatures to walk on liquids for 1 hour.

4th
Banishment
Blight
Confusion
Dominate Beast
Greater Invisibility
Ice Storm
Polymorph
Stoneskin
Wall of Fire

5th
Animate Objects
Cloudkill
Cone of Cold
Creation
Dominate Person
Hold Monster
Insect Plague
Seeming
Telekinesis
Teleportation Circle
Wall of Stone

6th
Arcane Gate
Chain Lightning
Circle of Death
Disintegrate
Eyebit
Globe of Invulnerability
Mass Suggestion
Move Earth
Sunbeam
True Seeing

7th
Delayed Blast Fireball
Etherealness
Finger of Death
Fire Storm
Plane Shift
Prismatic Spray
Reverse Gravity
Teleport

8th
Dominate Monster
Earthquake
Incendiary Cloud
Power Word Stun
Sunburst

9th
Gate
Meteor Swarm
Power Word Kill
Time Stop
Wish

