1st
Armor of Agathys: Gain 5 temporary HP and deal cold damage.
Arms of Hadar: Deal damage 10ft around you.
Charm Person: Charm a humanoid for 1 min.
Comprehend Languages: Understand literal meaning of languages (heard or read).
Expeditious Retreat: You can dash as a bonus action for 10 mins.
Hellish Rebuke: You enflame someone who damaged you, dealing 2d10 damage.
Hex: Mark a creature, and deal additional 1d6 damage anytime you damage it and make it have certain disadvantage.
Illusory Script: Encrypt text, 10GP.
Protection from Evil and Good: Protect from certain type of creatures.
Unseen Servant: An invisible force for 1 hour, that is capable executing basic actions for you.
Witch Bolt: A lightning connection between you and your target for 1 min, which takes 1d12/turn.

2nd
Cloud of Daggers: Spinning daggers deals 4d4 damage.
Crown of Madness: Charm a person for 1 minute, making it attack someone you chose.
Darkness: 15ft radius magical darkness sphere.
Enthrall: A target creature can only hear you.
Hold Person: Paralyze a creature.
Invisibility: Touch a creature, it becomes invisible for 1 hour.
Mirror Image: Three duplicates of you appears for 1 min, confusing everyone.
Misty Step: Teleport up to 30 ft away.
Ray of Enfeeblement: Weaken an enemy, halving its Strength damage.
Shatter: A sound shockwave from a point deals 3d8 damage.
Spider Climb: Touch a creature, that will be able to walk walls and ceilings.
Suggestion: Try to influence a creature to act according to your will for 8 hours.

3rd
Counterspell: Try to interrupt a spellcast.
Dispel Magic: Try to remove magic from a creature or object.
Fear: Frighten creatures in an area 30 ft around you.
Fly: Touch a creature, and make it fly up to 10 mins.
Gaseous Form: Touch a creature and transform it to gas.
Hunger of Hadar: 20ft wide horror sphere, deals 2d6 damage on start turn, 2d6 damage on end turn.
Hypnotic Pattern: Charm an area, rendering creatures into hypnosis.
Magic Circle: A circle which cannot be entered by one type of creatures, 100GP.
Major Image: 20ft cube phenomenon for 10 mins, only physical interaction will reveal it.
Remove Curse: Touch a creature or object, to remove a curse.
Tongues: Touch a creature and make it understand every language.
Vampiric Touch: Touch a creature, deal 3d6 damage and heal half of that amount.

4th
Banishment
Blight
Dimension Door
Hallucinatory Terrain

5th
Contact Other Plane
Dream
Hold Monster
Scrying

6th
Arcane Gate
Circle of Death
Conjure Fey
Create Undead
Eyebit
Flesh to Stone
Mass Suggestion
True Seeing

7th
Etherealness
Finger of Death
Forcecage
Plane Shift

8th
Demiplane
Dominate Monster
Feeblemind
Glibness
Power Word Stun

9th
Astral Projection
Foresight
Imprisonment
Power Word Kill
True Polymorph

