1st
Alarm: Mark something, get alarmed if touched or entered.
Burning Hands: A cone of fire spreads from your hand, deals 3d6 damage.
Charm Person: Charm a humanoid for 1 min.
Chromatic Orb: Send an orb of special type to deal 3d8 damage, 50GP.
Color Spray: Blind creatures around you.
Comprehend Languages: Understand literal meaning of languages (heard or read).
Detect Magic: Sense magic 30 ft around you.
Disguise Self: Mask yourself for 1 hour.
Expeditious Retreat: You can dash as a bonus action for 10 mins.
False Life: Get 1d4 + 4 temporary HP for 1 hour.
Feather Fall: Slow the fall of the party for 1 min.
Find Familiar: You'll have a buddy who is friendly to you, 10GP.
Fog Cloud: 20ft radius fog sphere.
Grease: An area where creatures fall prone.
Identify: Touch an object, learn all magical ability of it, 100GP.
Illusory Script: Encrypt text, 10GP.
Jump: Tripled jump distance for 1 min.
Longstrider: Touch a creature and increase its speed by 10.
Mage Armor: Touch a creature and make it's AC 13 + Dex modifier, for 8 hours.
Magic Missle: 3 magical darts to 1 to 3 targets, each dealing 1d4 + 1 damage.
Protection from Evil and Good: Protect from certain type of creatures.
Ray of Sickness: Ranged spell attack to deal 2d8 poison damage and poison it.
Shield: Gain +5 AC for a turn.
Silent Image: Create a visual phenomenon for 10 mins.
Sleep: Make creatures sleep for 1 mins.
Tasha's Hideous Laughter: A creature finds you super funny suddenly for 1 min.
Tensor's Floating Disk: A disk around you for 1 hour that can carry 500lb.
Thunderwave: Cause a thunder force around you dealing 2d8 damage and pushing creatures away.
Unseen Servant: An invisible force for 1 hour, that is capable executing basic actions for you.
Witch Bolt: A lightning connection between you and your target for 1 min, which takes 1d12/turn.

2nd
Alter Self: Change appearance, grow natural weapons or be aquatic.
Arcane Lock: Magically locks stuff, 25GP.
Blindness/Deafness: Blind or make a creature deaf for 1 min from distance.
Blur: Disadvantage for anyone to hit you for 1 min.
Cloud of Daggers: Spinning daggers deals 4d4 damage.
Continual Flame: Magical flame with no heat.
Crown of Madness: Charm a person for 1 minute, making it attack someone you chose.
Darkness: 15ft radius magical darkness sphere.
Darkvision: Touch a creature, cause darkvision for 8 hours.
Detect Thoughts: Read minds of a creature you see, with time you can mine deeper and deeper.
Enlarge/Reduce: Make something's size doubled or halved.
Flaming Sphere: Movable (bonus action) flame sphere which deals 2d6 damage.
Gentle Repose: Touch and protect someone or something from decay for 10 days.
Gust of Wind: Summon a strong wind for 1 min.
Invisibility: Touch a creature, it becomes invisible for 1 hour.
Knock: Open stuff up.
Levitate: Making someone float.
Locate Object: Find a familiar object.
Magic Mouth: Implant a hidden message into an object to be triggered by your specified conditions, 10GP.
Magic Weapon: Touch a weapon and it becomes magical, +1 to attack rolls and +1 to damage.
Melf's Acid Arrow: Shot a magical arrow that becomes acid dealing 4d4 + 2d4 damage.
Mirror Image: Three duplicates of you appears for 1 min, confusing everyone.
Misty Step: Teleport up to 30 ft away.
Nystul's Magic Aura: Touch a creature and trick divination spells.
Phantasmal Force: Plant an illusion into a mind for 1 min.
Ray of Enfeeblement: Weaken an enemy, halving its Strength damage.
Rope Trick: Open up a dimension for 1 hour to where people can escape.
Scorching Ray: Create 3 fire rays and hurl them, each deals 2d6 damage.
See Invisibility: See invisibility and Ethernal Plane for 1 hour.
Shatter: A sound shockwave from a point deals 3d8 damage.
Spider Climb: Touch a creature, that will be able to walk walls and ceilings.
Suggestion: Try to influence a creature to act according to your will for 8 hours.
Web: Create a web for 1 hour, might restrain creatures.

3rd
Animate Dead: Commandable undead servant.
Bestow Curse: Touch a creature and pick a curse (several types of disadvantages, or weakenings).
Blink: Be untargatable in other's turns, and teleport 10 feet every turn.
Clairvoyance: Invisible sensor that you can use to see or hear through, 100GP.
Counterspell: Try to interrupt a spellcast.
Dispel Magic: Try to remove magic from a creature or object.
Fear: Frighten creatures in an area 30 ft around you.
Feign Death: Touch a creature to make it appear to be dead for 1 hour.
Fireball: A ball of fire travels a huge distance and deals 8d6 damage and ignites stuff.
Gaseous Form: Touch a creature and transform it to gas.
Glyph of Warding: Protect and object or a place with an effect of your choice, 200GP.
Haste: Double the speed, and increase the AC by 2.
Hypnotic Pattern: Charm an area, rendering creatures into hypnosis.
Leomund's Tiny Hut: A stationary anti-magic force-field around you for your party, for 8 hours.
Lightning Bolt: A line of lightning, deals 8d6 damage and ignites.
Magic Circle: A circle which cannot be entered by one type of creatures, 100GP.
Major Image: 20ft cube phenomenon for 10 mins, only physical interaction will reveal it.
Nondetection: Protects against divination magic, 25GP.
Phantom Steed: Summon a mount for 1 hour.
Protection from Energy: Touch a creature and make it have resistance from an energy damage type.
Sending: Send a message to a familiar creature, which will hear it in its mind.
Sleet Storm: Freezing rain and storm in an area for 1 min, difficult terrain which is obscured.
Slow: Slow an area (~6 people) for 1 min.
Stinking Cloud: Poison cloud for 1 min, that poisons creatures rendering them useless, obscuring the area.
Tongues: Touch a creature and make it understand every language.
Vampiric Touch: Touch a creature, deal 3d6 damage and heal half of that amount.
Water Breathing: Breath under water up to 10 creature for 24 hours.

4th
Arcane Eye
Banishment
Blight
Confusion
Conjure Minor Elementals
Control Water
Dimension Door
Evard's Black Tentacles
Fabricate
Fire Shield
Greater Invisibility
Hallucinatory Terrain
Ice Storm
Leomund's Secret Chest
Locate Creature
Mordenkainen's Faithful Hound
Mordenkainen's Private Sanctum
Otiluke's Resilient Sphere
Phantasmal Killer
Polymorph
Stone Shape
Stoneskin
Wall of Fire

5th
Animate Objects
Bigby's Hand
Cloudkill
Cone of Cold
Conjure ELemental
Contact Other Plane
Creation
Dominate Person
Dream
Geas
Hold Monster
Legend Lore
Mislead
Modify Memory
Passwall
Planar Binding
Rary's Telepathic Bond
Scrying
Seeming
Telekinesis
Teleportation Circle
Wall of Force
Wall of Stone

6th
Arcane Gate
Chain Lightning
Circle of Death
Contingency
Create Undead
Disintegrate
Drawmij's Instant Summons
Eyebit
Flesh to Stone
Globe of Invulnerability
Guards and Wards
Magic Jar
Mass Suggestion
Move Earth
Otiluke's Freezing Sphere
Otto's Irresistible Dance
Programmed Illusion
Sunbeam
True Seeing
Wall of Ice

7th
Delayed Blast Fireball
Etherealness
Finger of Death
Forcecage
Mirage Arcane
Mordenkainen's Magnificent Mansion
Mordenkainen's Sword
Plane Shift
Prismatic Spray
Project Image
Reverse Gravity
Sequester
Simulacrum
Symbol
Teleport

8th
Antimagic Field
Antipathy/Sympathy
Clone
Control Weather
Demiplane
Dominate Monster
Feeblemind
Incendiary Cloud
Maze
Mind Blank
Power Word Stun
Sunburst
Telepathy
Trap the Soul

9th
Astral Projection
Foresight
Gate
Imprisonment
Meteor Swarm
Power Word Kill
Prismatic Wall
Shapechange
Time Stop
True Polymorph
Weird
Wish

